docs(input): add missing number input docs (#3330)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/input/index.mdx

<LivePreview scope={{Input, Label, HelpText}} language="jsx">
  {`<>

>   <Label htmlFor="reload_amount">Number Input</Label>

Reviewer: question: accidental change?

  <Input aria-describedby="reload_amount_help" id="reload_amount" name="reload_amount" defaultValue="0" type="number" min="0" max="1000" />
  <HelpText id="reload_amount_help">Maximum amount is $1,000.</HelpText>
</>`}
</LivePreview>

#### Internationalization

> To internationalize Number Input, provide translated strings to be used for the increment and decrement button accessible labels. Use the `i18nStepUpLabel` and `i18nStepDownLabel` props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide translated strings for the 'increment' and 'decrement' button labels to make NumberInput localized. The `i18nStepUpLabel` and `i18nStepDownLabel` props should be used for this purpose.
```

Reviewer: This was marked as resolved without any changes afaict. It reads a little weird to me, but not gonna block on it.

Author: weird, I made the changes but they got lost
